So let's continue working with these left section and you can see that we have these ideas and I use
this ID.
And then we're going out to label them the label language the font size.
We're going to make these bigger one point for him and I'm going to like these with important Fronde
here to the end of this.
Making a sample I'm going to use a lot of important flags.
That's because we are using this link right here.
And the way that it says works.
This one is going to load later.
This one is going to be the the this this stash is going to be the one that is going to load at the
end.
And that's why we need to write important for most of the selectors.
That's fine them no not be brought in from family so why don't I use lotto.
My son sorry.
And we're going out of form.
Wait.
This is going to be set in Canada.
And so I'm going to flag these with important save these and are those
and you can see he's looking bigger and better.
So next we're going to
McCabe's and then going there to get the
so the idea of them back is that we have the friend in the front line and of course you can have for
example right here instead of having this and you can either be or back
save these and RDO you can see he's working great bad.
So you can use for example at amstaff and then you can use display table you don't and you can see some
of Zong would need to also Center these margin out though
now you can see Center either like he rated length might want him to decrease the light height right
here.
So last night was looking better.
And when you're using the MTI you can see that we have these this kind of like that look we're going
to remove that fun style.
But again our Grosset these two regular
snowman sort of old looking great.
And what Almazan
if they keep looking the same.
This one is in uppercase and the other one is lowercase.
The one on the top is bigger than the one on the bottom.
What do I extract from uppercase here.
We're going at this last fall none so save the central
and you can see he's looking better.
What I want to make this a little bigger maybe 1.8 m
is looking better and we need to make this one and I use one size point eight AM Angua are going off
like these are so important.
Now you can see he's looking better.
That these of course we have a lot of padding right here.
We're going to fix that.
Yeah maybe we can add a second class right here.
Sign up for copy copies just Beys right here.
Then we have input and we're going to add a height of three AM and we have enough.
Again these are important and save these and reload.
This will increase the size of the input and you can see bigger.
And we went to remove these discoloring we can see a great color.
So what are going on the water there non in well enough like these are important.
Cirilo and you can see this looks a little better.
What Almazan we need to style this butan.
You can see you can see we have this class button so we can use sign up form button Ngwe composite color
with the color coding the same is using this color.
So we're going to copy these from the from the color guy working out background color an important
say this and close
now you can see the color has changed and we're going to have that padding to make the about the bottom
of the boat on a little bigger around a certain piece of steel that picks and important.
Maybe you are asking why are you using pixels.
Well you see NEMS.
Well you can also you can mix the values there is no problem with something like that.
And this would make it a little bigger.
Then we're going to change it to out are important that's because we have this simple treat him bad
so this one is using the input types of meat.
So we're going to change these two cried out.
This will make the size a little different the height of the tongue.
And if you take a look at the sign we need to make this ball there and uppercase.
So we're going to transform uppercase again I have to two important are going to form weight so any
candidate and important I mean save this and reload
and the final step is to make the font size bigger 1.4 and an important alot of importance right here.
So you can see he's looking great.
And you can see that we have my page right here where we can either query screen and mean and get 768
big cells.
And we're going to copy these bage right here and we're going to use Hartrick another Merioneth and
we're going to use mine or stem cells and I'm going after I mean it's important.
Ryno these.
Now you can see it now it's close to the limb for me.
This is Mother.
You can see it is looking great.
But the scene where we have a lot of padding on the bottom of a lot of margin.
We need to inspect the color and you can see it right here.
We have this orange area and you can see we have this form right here so we can remove the bottom to
zero.
It's going to be matched against zero so we're going to scrub and we have these made form and then we
have to form a bottom.
Cyril save these and reload
and you can see now he's looking great.
So maybe we can add we can remove that some more more body than you can see here in the form we have
somebody in.
So we cannot by the bottom zero as well.
God maybe he's going to be the final
and I'm going to important right here.
You may be an important class right here.
And we're on so we can close this relo and you can see we have six that I subscribe to the newsletter
and then we have the form and they would subscribe.
So it was a little tricky but that's how you can customize matching use by writing SS and you can change
the markup.
So let's start working with the future of this Web site before we start working with the internal pages
of this online store.